# Cogmaster-M2-Internship
You can find here the code used to run the simulations during my M2 internship, as well as some example videos.
The corresponding M2 thesis with all explantions can be found on my personal website: http://roxane.vandenbossche.eu/page_ressources.html

This repository is composed of 3 folders:

# "Model 1" and "Model 2" 
contain the code for model 1 and model 2 respectively.

They have the same strucure:
- Big simu is an empty folder where all simulation data will be saved when the code runs
- big_follow_up.py allows to plot the evolution of clustering with time for all the simulations
- big_manager.py is the main program calling all other moduls. (The paramters noise and beta are fixed in this file)
- big_simu.py manages the execution of all the simulations
- big_stat.py reads the data generated by big_simu.py and creates the figure of clustering as a function of social trust
- classes.py is where all the basic elements are defined (population, calculus of clustering, reputation flow, utility, and so on.)
- graph_partitioning.py includes PyMetis functions and makes the connection between PyMetis and the rest of the code.
- image_tools.py contains all the elementary graphical functions used to create images of the simulations.
- makeVideo.py contains the functions used to create the images of each simulation step and then the videos of the simulations.
- parameters.py is the file where all the parameters are set (except noise and beta, fixed in big_manager.py)

If you want to run the simulation on your computer, please download the whole file of a model and run big_manager.py (for example by writing in you terminal $pyhton big_manager.py). You can modify the parameters in parameters.py to try other conditions for the simulations.

# Videos
contains example videos for both models.



